feat(lvgl_port): Used PPA for rotation on ESP32-P4 (#352)
espressif/esp-bsp: components/esp_lvgl_port/CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## 2.6.0

## Features

> - Added support for PPA rotation in LVGL9 (available for ESP32P4)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added support for PPA rotation in LVGL9 (available for ESP32-P4)
```

## 2.6.0

> ## Features

Reviewer 2: Nitpick: Why was this changed to `##`?

Author: I am sorry, I mistakenly removed it during merge. Thanks for notice.
